The details Online Request Wizard goes beyond a classic webform to fill and send out - actually you might think of it more like your own B2B network of business contacts.The Contact Requests section of the DASHBOARD displays all requests that have been submitted to you from our Online Request Form (1/2).There´s 3 options to use the Online Request Wizard: a) you can embed it in your websites customizable to ''your own design'' b) you can link from facebookc) you can send a link to any contact via email For every new Contact Request you need to make a decision whether or not you want to include the sender in your B2B network of business contacts: If you accept a contact request, the sender will be able to send you booking requests in the future. If you don´t, the sender will not be able to access the booking form. He might make another "friend request" later.If you do not wish to deal with a contact you can simply remove the Contact Request with the X icon on the right. If you are not sure about the sender you might send him an email by clicking on the email address submitted. If you agree to accept a new contact into your B2B network, you need to click on the date of the Contact Request. details helps to keep your database clean! The next screen will allow you to check if the ''new contact'' matches an ''existing contact'' in your database. If there is none you can USE THE REQUEST CONTACT to continue. You can decide to match the request contact to an existing Company or Person by clicking on the name of the matching contact. The application will then display the existing contact information next to the new contact for you to doublecheck. At this point you either USE THE EXISTING CONTACT or USE THE REQUEST CONTACT to continue. details tries to match the request ''company'' contact first and the request ''individual'' contact after that. It also tries to match with existing ''promoters''. If there is no match continue with the button at the bottom. No matter if you found a match or not, the contact is now accepted and will automatically receive a link to the ''Online Request Form (2/2)''.You may continue with your work now and wait for the promoter to send you a booking request...
source: https://details.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003530298-Online-Request-Form-1-2-
article id = 360003530298