Welcome to the LABEL module WIKI of ''details''!This WIKI will get you started with both overviews, links to tutorials and specific topics.
You can download a essential PDF to guide you through the initial setup process.
If you are new to details LABEL, here is a TUTORIAL video to get an OVERVIEW click HEREIn brief details manages all essential steps towards the calculation of artist royalties:* Your repertoire and metadata* Your stocks and sales, both digital and physical* Your costs (mastering, remix, promotion, etc.)* Any additional licensing, sync or performance income* Your royalty accounts & their contracts
With those key elements taken care of, ''details'' will be able to process royalty statements on a click of a button.Below is an overview of the first steps you need to take care of when you start working.(1) Get your repertoire and metadata into details''details'' provides multiple options to import your repertoire. If your label has been around for some time probably adding releases, products and tracks by hand is not an option.Luckily ''details'' offers a free import of repertoire from a standard XLS file. You can find instructions and download a sample upload file HERE. Here is how to import your repertoire with the FREE import pluginIn your daily business however you are likely to add more repertoire manually and you will add more LABELS, ARTISTS, RELEASES, PRODUCTS and TRACKS. Here is a tutorial video about how to manually add and manage RELEASESHere is a tutorial video how to manually add PRODUCTS to RELEASESHere is a tutorial video about how to add and manage TRACKSFirst of all you need to set up your label(s) on Label / LABEL:Here you can create, edit and delete your labels and sublabels. Additionally you can add label bios etc. and add related files.Then you can start to set up your releases on Label / RELEASES.
In ''details'' the release is a container for all project / album related products and tracks. The release itself will not have a barcode or price (see below for products).All your releases are listed on Label / RELEASES. From here you can add, edit and delete releases,  attach related files such as release sheets as well as manage related costs and other incomes. Here is a tutorial video about how to manually add and manage RELEASES
Once you have set up the releases, you can add different configurations of the releases' subtab RELEASES / PRODUCTS.Products are the different format configurations of one album / single release like CD, LP, 12", Digital formats or others and typically include tracks, artwork, a barcode and a specific format. Here is a tutorial video how to manually add PRODUCTS to RELEASESTo view, edit and delete your products go to Label / PRODUCTS. Here you can also find your product related costs and sales.Finally you can add your tracks on the subtab PRODUCTS / TRACKS.On Label / Tracks you can view, set up, edit and delete your tracks as well as add related files and view all linked releases, products, licences and track sales.Here's a TUTORIAL video about how to add and manage TRACKSSo this is how repertoire can be added and edited manually step by step in the hierachy of LABELS, ARTISTS, RELEASES, PRODUCTS and TRACKS. # # #Once your repertoire is fully set up, you may want to start selling products and tracks.When you licence out your tracks, you can enter the licences on LABEL / LICENCES where you can view, edit and delete all licence accounts and related third party licences as well as manage all incomes and send licence reminders to your accounts.You can watch a TUTORIAL video on how to manage licences HERESelling products and tracks to distributiors or shops is managed in ''details'' DISTRIBUTION. It includes tools to handle physical and digital distribution, order- and supply management and extensive sales- and stock reporting.You will find help on this chapter HERE. # # #Now that your repertoire is available in details and sales have been matched to it, you may want to start CREATING ROYALTY ACCOUNTS and contracts on LABEL / ROYALTY.Watch a TUTORIAL videop about how to create ROYALTY ACCOUNTS and CONTRACTS for artist releases here.In LABEL / ROYALTY you can set up, edit and delete your ROYALTY ACCOUNTS and ROYALTY CONTRACTS. You can also find a list of all your royalty statements, CREATE ROYALTY STATEMENT and send them to your royalty accounts.# # #Additionally you can use optional plugins on LABEL / PLUGINS, There are plugins available for specific import and export solutions such as Release Imports/Exports as well as batch functions such as Batch Statements Processing. Helpful links:* How to add costs and advances to RELEASES and PRODUCTS* Silent Video Overview of Details LABEL module* Details SUPPORT | How to set up a new LABEL client
source: https://details.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003572857-Label-First-Steps
article id = 360003572857