You may also manage your manufacturing in ''details''.Working with manufacturing orders allows a comprehensive handling of manufacturing quantities including paper parts, deliveries and manufacturing costs. To create a new manufacturing order, go to Distribution / SUPPLIERS choose the supplier from the list and go to the subtab All Orders.Here, click the green PLUS icon on top right of the list.You can also create a new order from the Distribution / SUPPLIERS subtab All Orders.Click on the green PLUS icon on top right of the list and choose the SUPPLIER and order type (manufacturing, invoice, consignment).You will be directed to the new supplier order page, which has the two subtabs Overview and Backorders.On the first subtab Overview you can select the PRODUCT to manufacture.You can add the total quantities and costs.On the Related Files box you are also able to upload relevant files such as print files.If you have order quantities from DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNTS that will be shipped straight away, you can add the accounts and quantities on the Account box. You can also add open BACKORDERS like that on the second subtab Backorders.Here all open backorders are listed and can be added.Once the order has been accounted, these stock movements are processed accordingly.At the bottom of the page you can find different buttons: *Get Label Accounts Get Label Accounts automatically loads all DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNTS assigned to the LABELS and PRODUCT so you can add shipping quantities accordingly.To assign a DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT to LABELS and PRODUCTS, go to the DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNTS' subtab Catalogue and add LABELS and PRODUCT here. *Shipping InfoThis button opens an e-mail including info on the PRODUCT to be shipped and delivery addresses of all DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNTS that have been added on the Account box for direct delivery.*DocumentsThe button Documents opens a module window from that you can choose a document type to be exported, e.g. order notification.*Stock In InfoStock In Info opens a separate mail listing the product info and total order & shipping quantities.*Account DeliveryAs soon as the PRODUCT is ready to ship, you can account the delivery. You can confirm or adjust final shipping quantities for the DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNTS depending on the final total quantity. To complete the order, click the Finish Order button. On the PRODUCTS / STOCK all stock levels are updated now. If you need to reopen your order for any reason, you can do so by clicking Reopen. All stock movements previously processed will be cancelled then and you can make adjustments if needed.To complete the order, click Finish Order again.
source: https://details.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003578857-Create-manufacturing-order
article id = 360003578857