On the subtab Setup you are able to manage detailed settings for each DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT. This subtab is mainly for your physical accounts. On the top box Additional Setup you have several check boxes and drop down options:
Let´s have a look at the check boxes first :
Stock Account: You may dispose of internal or external warehouses - i.e. your own warehouse or international logistics partners - which you deliver physical stocks to in order for them to fulfill incoming  ORDERS for physical products.
These should be marked as Stock Accounts in details in the DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNTS section.Such Stock Accounts can then be selected as shipping outlets in ORDERS either for a selected order or by default for a specific DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT.
Main Account:To allow a specific selection of important distributors and warehouses, DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNTS can be flagged as main accounts.When checked, this account is displayed in the Stock Levels list of accounts in a selected PRODUCT / STOCK.
Note: Any DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT may be a Main Account regardless of its other settings, whether it is your office, a warehouse, consignment distributor or invoice client. All that matters is whether or not you want it to appear in the list in PRODUCT / STOCK.
Ignore Payment Period:
If royalty contracts are generally based on payment periods and this check box is activated, the sales of this specific DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT will be accounted in the royalty statements according to the sales period by literally ignoring the payment period setting.More on payment vs. sales period royalty settings can be found in the link.
No Backorders:If this is checked, orders with missing quantities (out of stock titles) will NOT automatically create BACKORDERS for this DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT.Own Stock:is the stock that you have direct access to, whether it is in your office or in one of your warehouses or logistics facilities and which you can sell. This is in contrast to stock you own but which is located somewhere in a third party's warehouse, be it a consignment distributor or some other place you do not have access to / which stock is not accessible to you to fulfill incoming ORDERS.
In an ORDER the sum of all "Own Stock"-Account stocks is displayed as available stock per product.
And now for the drop-down selections and other options ...
Pricelist:Pricelists allow to assign a DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT to a specific pricelist/pricecode matrix. The drop-down selection list is used to select the price list for this account. Different price lists can be set up and managed under SETTINGS / LABEL SETTINGS.
Default Order Type:From the drop down menu you can choose a default order type for the selected DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT, such as Invoice Order, Consignment, Return To Vendor ... Default Shipping:You can assign a default shippig type from the drop down list.
- - -
More things you can do on the Setup tab of a DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT are
store Shipping Infos (free text available as datapoint for templates)
store Internal Memos
You can also set up default discounts for the DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT on specific price codes - which can also be managed on SETTINGS / LABEL SETTINGS.To add a default discount, click on the green [+] icon on top right of the Discount box, choose the price code and enter the discount percentage.On the right box MANUAL MATCHES all matches that have been manually assigned to this DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT are listed. You can delete them by clicking the red X icon in the list.
source: https://details.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003578197-Distribution-Accounts-Setup
article id = 360003578197