Details offers a direct link to Bookings in a HTML5 webapp, which we call the Artist App.Find out HERE how to send out the App links to your artists!HERE is an article for your ARTISTS on how to add the App to their mobile phones!Here is a hint for booking agents who want to see MULTIPLE ARTIST APPS on their mobile phone.It offers many additional features. As the App is actually a HTML5 link (and not an App from any store) you should be able to use it on any device. As soon as the App is loaded the user will end up in the current month of the calender. Click on any date to get details for this specific booking.Or you could switch to the List View which let´s you scroll up and down a selected month.At the bottom left of both calendar and list view you can also find a pop-up explanation of the colour code of the customized booking states.For other options click on the MENU icon on the top right, which gives you access to the BOOKINGS; REQUIREMENTS and NEW REQUEST tabs.BOOKINGS will take you back to the calendar where you can select any booking. See below for more details. REQUIREMENTS will allow you to see what requirements the agency has currently stored as default. NEW REQUEST is a NEW feature and allows your artists to submit new booking requests or other request back to the agency. The RESPONSIBLE AGENT will receive an email with whatever the artist entered here.The main change however is the way we structure the various details about bookings:Each section from logistics has now its own subtab where selected infos are displayed in a way that allows you to read it in any condition ...TRAVEL will give you any travelsteps related with this booking for the selected artistLOCAL DETAILS will display all entries from the details LOCAL DETAILS tab of this specific booking, i.e. Drivers, Hotels, Restaurants, Technicians, etc. NOTE: You may now directly trigger valid PHONE NUMBERS and EMAILS. This will only work if they are entered correctly in Details.  Valid: ''===+49 177 12345678==='' NOT valid: ===''+49 (0)177 12345678 / Alex: -79 / Michael: -80''===GUESTLIST is a NEW and OPTIONAL tab. If activated, artists will be able to submit guestlist names directly to the RESPONSIBLE AGENT. Agents will receive the names in an automated email notification. NOTE: The agents will need time to process the guestlist names ... plan ahead!MONEY is where the deal infos will appear. This section is also OPTIONAL, so the agent may or may not allow access to what´s in the MONEY DETAILS for this artist. For example the MONEY section might be activated for the artist manager, but not for the Tour manager. He might get a link without this option.PROMOTER is another OPTIONAL tab. Some agencies need their artists to see the promoter details, others won´t allow it. If activated this tab will display the full address, email and phone number of the promoter.DOCUMENTS is OPTIONAL as well. Agencies may allow the artists to see and download public files related to the selected artist and booking.Click HERE for more info on how to make documents available in the Artist AppFEEDBACK is NEW and also OPTIONAL: Agencies may ask their artists and crew for feedback about their bookings in a customized form. The feedback will be transmitted via automated email notification to the RESPONSIBLE AGENT in an emnail as well.NOTE: The default questions which agencies want to ask to the artist need to be added in BOOKING/ ARTISTS / selected artist / OTHER DEFAULTSNOTE: Make sure Artists and Tour Managers are using current links. People using any OLD links might have to update their links and icons on their homescreens. To create a new icon please select the ''ADD TO HOMESCREEN'' button on your mobile device. The same applies if you or your artists are stuck on the loading screen.
source: https://details.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003535138-Artist-App
article id = 360003535138