Once a ''Contact Request'' has been accepted as business contact it will receive a link to your customizable Online Request Form (2/2):Click HERE for more information about the customization of your request form!!Click ''[http://help.detailsdetails.eu/tiki-read_article.php?articleId=8|here]'' for more information about the adaptation of your request form to your website design!!Once the promoters have entered all mandatory fields and necessary infos, tyhe will be able to SUBMIT the forms back to you. You will be notified in the REQUESTS subtab of BOOKINGS tab immediately when a new Request Form gets submitted. You can open a request with a Click on the ''date'' or else remove it with a Click on the ''X icon'' on the right side. When you click on the ''date'' to open a request date you will find yourself in our Online Request Wizard, which looks much alike the Booking Wizard you know from creating your own bookings. Only the Request Wizard includes the information which the promoter previously filled out in the Online form for you to doublecheck.In the first step you will find the requested artists, the requested date and some additional infos to check. Click NEXT to continue ... The second step will match the request venue against your own database of venues: Click on existing venues to compare the infos.If you want to create a new venue based on the information submitted with the request, click NEW VENUE. If you want to update and continue with the existing infos, click on NEXT. The third step will let you update your promoter according to to the information submitted. Click NEXT to continue ... Finally the fourth step allows you to match the request contact against your own contact database: Click on existing contact to compare the infos.If you want to create a new contact based on the information submitted with the request, click NEW CONTACT. If you want to update and continue with the existing infos, click on FINISH. Once you clicked on FINISH, the booking request will be opened as a new booking from your calendar and you may continue to negotiate all necessary things from here ...
source: https://details.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003567517-Booking-Request-Online-Request-Form-2-2-
article id = 360003567517