This article will try to help you getting started with our BOOKING module.  If you have suggestions on how we should improve our service and application, please let us know HERE!  The first steps into a seamless workflow with details should be  1) Setup your Artists  It is super important that you RELATE one or multiple CONTACTS to your artists! Otherwise you will have trouble with travels and Hotels later.  See here how to set up your Artists   2) Customize the BOOKING STATUS .. see info HERE  We have some default values in your database, but these are suggestions only. You can customize all Stati names and colors.  Booking Status that need to be published automatically need a checkbox in confirmed, but not in private  Booking Status that are confirmed, but should NOT be published automatically need a checkbox in confirmed AND one in private  More infos on Managing booking statuses can be found HERE   3) Customizing your TEMPLATES  You can find an introduction of how we use templates to create dicuments in details can be read here.   4) First Bookings  Now you are ready to create your first bookings: READ a step-by-step-guide or WATCH a tutorial about creating new bookings here.  How to print a PDF of your documents   5) Using the iCal the Artist App  At some point you may want to subscribe yourself and the Artists to the iCal Calendar or Artist App. Tutorial: How to use the the Artist App (2014)   6) Request Form  If you want to integrate our request form into your website, here is how to adapt the Booking Request Form to your website style.  How to customize the fields on the Booking Request Form/Questionnaire    6) User Management  At some point you may want to manage your user settings and/or create more users.  Here´s how to set up new users & price   7) Share your confirmed Bookings  How to create Ical links (Calendar links)  How to push your confirmed bookings to Facebook, Twitter, etc.       # #  Details Overview Video 2014  Details Overview Video 2012
source: https://details.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003568537-Booking-First-Steps
article id = 360003568537