Sales statements you receive from your digtal DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNTS can be imported into ''details''.At first, you need to set up the add the STATEMENT SETUP on DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT / CURRENT STATEMENTS.Now you can start the import. Go to DISTRIBUTION / SALES IMPORTS.Look for the particular statement setup and period you want to import and click on the relevant yellow box. Choose the statement file from your computer. Some statement files might need to be prepared before importing, some guidelines can be found HERE.Once the file has been uploaded, you will be directed to the import page of the current statement, displaying the table you have just uploaded.Now you can assign the import header from the drop down menus. All column headers need to match with the headers of the file you have imported. Headers of columns you do not necessarily need for the import, can be blank. To save the configuration for future statements, click the SAVE CONFIGURATIONS button at the bottom.When you have matched all headers, click the PROCEED IMPORT button at the bottom which will start the import. You will be notified by mail when the process is complete.Once the import is finished, go to the next subtab Import Matches. Here you will find products which could not be matched automatically by indentifier. These need to be matched manually.Just click on the bold text in the first column and select the correct product the sale should be matched to.MANUAL MATCHES will be saved for future statements.If you have matched all lines, go to the next subtab Import Result.All statement lines are listed here. At the bottom you will find the statement summary with a total sales quantity and total amount.You can double check the total sales quantity and the total amount with the original file.If everything has been imported correctly, click INVOICE STATEMENT to create the invoice.You will be directed to the DISTRIBUTION ACCOUNT'S subtab CURRENT STATEMENTS. Your imported statement that have not yet been accounted are listed here.To invoice the statement, tick the field next to the statement and you will be directed to the invoice on ''details'' / ACCOUNTING.If you want to invoice multiple statements on one invoice e.g. statement total is below the minimum payment amount, you can tick several statements and then click INVOICE STATEMENT. This will create one invoice including all selected statements.
source: https://details.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003578057-Import-digital-sales-statement
article id = 360003578057