Activating the p.r.o. agency API  to transfer your metadata requires only a few steps.
(I) Get Credentials
Before running these steps described below please make sure that p.r.o. agency gave you all necessary credentials:
• your p.r.o. agency account name
• your token (API key)
• also please ask them to activate your label(s) on their side for the data transfer
Once you have the token and confirmation from p.r.o. agency you're ready to start!
(II) Activate Plugin
In detəils go to LABEL / PLUGINS / COLLECTING SOCIETIES and activate "Pro Agency - Send Catalogue to Pro Agency via API".
You will see the activated plugin on the left side from now on.
Go to the left side and click on RUN for the recently activated PLUGIN for initialisation.
For the next steps you will need the account name and token that you have been provided with:
Go to SETTINGS / LABEL / ADDITIONAL INFO / API CONFIGS and click the [+] icon
A drop-down window will pop up where you can select 'pro agency'.
You will now be able to enter your account name and token.
Don't forget to click SAVE after you have finished
(III) Set Label defaults
In order to meet the metadata requirements for p.r.o. agency you will now need to set some default metadata settings for each of your labels.
For this, please go to LABEL / LABELS and select a label.Go to subtab METADATA and fill in all default fields indicated in the screenshot below:
(the default GenreCode will always be 'POPULAR', for active always type 'y')
Repeat this step for each selected label if you manage multiple labels or sub-labels.
(III) Set Format defaults
The last step will be to configure accepted formats.
p.r.o. agency only accepts 3 formats (CD, LP, MP3), and you will need to tell detəils what's what.
For this, please go to SETTINGS / LABEL / LABEL SETTINGS and click on each format. A window will pop up. Please select the p.r.o. agency reference format from the drop-down list for each of the formats.
You're all set now and ready to send your metadata from detəils to p.r.o. agency!
Read more on this cooperation and how to send your catalog here.
source: https://details.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019847877-How-to-get-p-r-o-agency-catalogue-API-activated
article id = 360019847877